## The Iron Yard - Week 2

  Going through two weeks at the Iron Yard has been a great experience. One that has given me the want for more. I have learned numerous things related to mobile development and development as a whole. I have learned that "developers" work on numerous types of projects and have a ton of skills to complete the tasks. Also, the developer community is closer than I imagined. Not just relationship wise, but also with their work. The open source community model amazes me to the fact that so many people love to share their work. Going along with the concept of being "uncomfortably comfortable", I can truly say that this is true. This is what I signed up for and haven't been let down since. I can't wait for more to come.

  As far as the design aspect goes, just in the first two weeks, I have seen that the layout of an app can make or break the success. Personally, I know that if an app I just downloaded has a complicated and busy interface, I will usually turn my head the other way and not pay any attention to it. So I have learned in a short period of time to try and concentrate on a simple design, but also make it visually appealing. With that being said, how you write the code that interprets the information you want to get to the user is just as imperative. I am pretty picky how I like my code to look, so I've learned to cleanliness and structure as my concepts for writing the code. Readability is super important. I don't think I've written enough to go much further, but I think that get's the point across.

One other thing I've been introduced to, is GitHub. This open source community is fun to explore and serves as a valuable tool in the open source community. A part of the GitHub experience is something called Branching. Branching allows us to take a project, whether it be one I've created or one that I have used from another user, and make changes to that branch. No changes are made to the original files. Once completed, I can merge the branches and make those changes to the original project or "master branch". This allows multiple people to contribute to a project at the same time and not worry about what everyone else is doing, or what files are being changed. 
